hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2000 superhero thriller
unbreakable so let's get started the
film opens with Elijah prince who was
born with a rare disease making his
bones extremely fragile and prone to
breaking Elijah grows up to be a comic
book art dealer and he develops a theory
that if he is the most extreme version
of human frailty then there must be
someone who exists on the opposite side
of the spectrum being unbreakable in
present-day Philadelphia we follow
security guard David Dunn david has
given up on a promising football career
and his marriage with his wife Audrey is
falling apart David is in a train
accident that kills all 131 passengers
except for David at the memorial service
for the crash victims David finds a card
with the logo for Elijah's art gallery
with a message asking if he has ever
been ill David and his son Joseph visit
Elijah and Elijah presses David on
whether he has ever been ill or injured
convinced that he is the unbreakable man
David is a bit unsettled by Elijah's
questioning but eventually begins
testing himself finding he is able to do
things that he didn't realize he could
do before
David challenges Elijah's theory however
with an incident from his childhood
where he almost drowned
Elijah explains that most superheroes
have some weakness and David's might be
water david remembers that not only did
he survive the train crash but he also
survived a car accident with his wife
several years ago and was able to rip
off the door to save her David also
begins to realize that he has the
ability to touch people and see a
glimpse of their criminal acts that they
have committed he allows various people
to bump into him seeing all the horrible
crimes that they have committed
David ends up following a janitor who
invaded a family home killed the father
and now is holding the wife and their
three children captive David freeze the
children finds the mother but is
ambushed by the janitor and is thrown
off the balcony into a pool
David nearly drowns but is saved by the
children
he then strangles the janitor but
unfortunately finds their mother dead he
returns to his home and reconciles with
his wife Audrey David later attends an
ex
Bishan and meets Elijah's mother who
explains the difference between villains
who fight heroes with physical strength
and those who use their intelligence
David later shakes Elijah's hand and has
visions of Elijah causing several
terrorist disasters including the train
accident that David was involved in
resulting in hundreds of deaths
Elijah committed these murders to try to
find the unbreakable man
Elijah calling himself mr. glass
explains how he needs to be the villain
to david's hero David walks away
disgusted Elijah is reported to the
police
convicted of murder and terrorism and
sent to a psychiatric hospital so that
was the spoilers for unbreakable if you
have a film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on her
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]